src/README.md, before:

# swiftmix-rad-studio
SwiftMiX is a DJ-like music-mixer that uses dual Windows-Media Player Active-X components. It can import/export/convert most playlists and handles Unicode file-paths.

This project builds with Embarcadero RAD Studio 10.4 Community Edition.

Free compiler: [Embarcadero C++ Builder 10.4 Community Edition](https://www.embarcadero.com/products/cbuilder/starter)

Before loading the project, you need to install the Windows Media Player Control as follows:
Click Component->Import Component->Import Active-X Control. Click Next and scroll down the list and choose Windows Media Player. The TWindowsMediaPlayer component will be in the ActiveX page of the tool-palette.

Now you can click File->Open Project and choose SwiftMiX.cbproj

The project needs access to MFC header-files for its custom, subclassed open-file dialog. If you run into problems, try adding $(BDSINCLUDE)\windows\sdk; to the resource-compiler include path: Project->Options->Resource Compiler->Directories and Conditionals->Include File Search Path.

Software by Scott Swift 2017-2022. This program is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License. Distribute freely.

Contact: dxzl@live.com

![Preview](swiftmix.png)

Commit message:

Update v1.99 documentation
Update information to build and install Windows Media Player Active-X components.

src/README.md, after:

# swiftmix-rad-studio
SwiftMiX is a DJ-like music-mixer that uses dual Windows-Media Player Active-X components. It can import/export/convert most playlists and handles Unicode file-paths.

A new "play-preview" feature lets you play samples of songs in a list by simply moving the mouse-pointer over a song with the CTRL key held down. Press the SPACEBAR to check/uncheck a song. Then choose Export Playlist and select the Checked Songs Only option to make a "best of" sub-list of your songs!

This project builds with Embarcadero RAD Studio 10.4 Community Edition.

IMPORTANT! Before opening the SwiftMiX project, install the active-X Windows Media Player library. To do this, view the Readme.txt file in the wmp_files directory.

Free compiler: [Embarcadero C++ Builder 10.4 Community Edition](https://www.embarcadero.com/products/cbuilder/starter)

Before loading the project, you need to install the Windows Media Player Control as follows:
Click Component->Import Component->Import Active-X Control. Click Next and scroll down the list and choose Windows Media Player. The TWindowsMediaPlayer component will be in the ActiveX page of the tool-palette.

Now you can click File->Open Project and choose SwiftMiX.cbproj

The project needs access to MFC header-files for its custom, subclassed open-file dialog. If you run into problems, try adding $(BDSINCLUDE)\windows\sdk; to the resource-compiler include path: Project->Options->Resource Compiler->Directories and Conditionals->Include File Search Path.

Software by Scott Swift 2017-2022. This program is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License. Distribute freely.

Contact: dxzl@live.com

![Preview](swiftmix.png)
